=head1 NAME

ITEMAN Dynamic Publishing - A Perl-based dynamic publishing system for Moveble Type

=head1 DESCRIPTION

  ITEMAN Dynamic Publishing provides a Perl-based dynamic publishing system that
  works as a replacement for the PHP-based dynamic publishing built into Movable
  Type. It allows you to publish Web pages dynamically with normal publishing
  workflow as well as the built-in dynamic publishing.

  In contrast to the built-in dynamic publishing, ITEMAN Dynamic Publishing
  works well with your existing Perl-based plugins.

=head1 SUPPORT

  Visit our website at:
    http://oss.iteman.jp/projects/show/iteman-dynamic-publishing

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

  ITEMAN Dynamic Publishing - A Perl-based dynamic publishing system for Moveble Type
  Copyright (c) 2009-2010 ITEMAN, Inc. All rights reserved.
  
  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
  modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
  as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
  of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
  
  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
  GNU General Public License for more details.
  
  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
  along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
  Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.
